hey guys what's up and welcome back to
analytics channel so today I am
reviewing the Whitney Simmons Jim shark
collection I bought a few pieces and I
can say that being a long time Jim shark
fan I absolutely love this collection is
totally small headaches approves fits me
so well won't have to get anything
happens um I love everything about it so
I thought I would do a little haul and
yeah let's just jump into it and if you
already liked this video give it a
thumbs up and remember to scribe for
more content Taylor - petite women I'm
also really excited to try it all on for
you so that you guys can see it and I
don't know if there's any stock
available now I know that they totally
sold out however they did say that they
were gonna release a little bit more so
there it's definitely gonna be I won't
say definitely because I'm not
affiliated and I have literally no idea
but they said that there would be a
restock at some point so hopefully
there's a restock otherwise I wouldn't
be making this video because how could
you even get this stuff so I bought two
things
I got basically her collection in two
colors is kind of teal color and then
this gray color and I'll start by saying
that the one thing that you can't really
tell when you shop online right besides
really like the length of things cuz you
never really know unless you know your
measurements is the fabric feel and
texture and I'm not someone who knows
fabrics that well so when this came in
the mail I was amazed to feel how soft
it is like it feels like a blanket or
like like a really thin one like a
second skin blanket or Lululemon aligns
if you tried those they're like second
skin wearing a cloud but what's really
cool is I watched Whitney's own review
of her stuff and I thought it was nice
very predictable from her kind of girly
or feminine but I didn't realize how
nice it was until it came like the
detail and some of the on all of the
pieces is really next level so let's
start with the leggings with the
leggings there's this nice little
whitney simmons like gold bar it's
really subtle but it's pretty and then
she has this you know
we're saying if you ever follow her is
it's a beautiful day to be alive so it's
really really hard to kind of hard to
see but in really subtle letters it's
basically found on every piece of her
clothing but you can't sometimes it's
hidden like on the inside the back has
this really nice V which just makes your
butt look for gear which none of us are
complaining about and then what's really
nice about these also is there's no
front seam
there's none there's no line here and I
find that these also magically they go
right above my ankle almost like a 7/8
length and I love that because the best
when you don't have to have something
happen as booty moving on to the sports
bra the sports bra is oh man like it's
really nice I I am like just amazed with
it because course bras are the hardest
thing for me because I have a muscular
build that's naturally because I am a
former athlete but also because I work
out and I do a lot of muscle I trying to
build muscle but I'm always you know
it's always really hard to find a oh
sports ball that's small enough because
I'm not big chested but also provide
support and isn't too tight like if I
buy a really small sports bra it might
fit my boobs but not my lats
for example cuz I have like muscle and
my back and everything and then if you
get that like not cute thing you know or
like pinches in your back and it's like
these don't do that and what's really
cool is she did that on purpose she got
this to be a little bit higher cut so
that it doesn't dig into the side of
your lats and also there's this really
beautiful I love this I have another gym
sharps bra that has this kind of like
circle cut out underneath the bra it
looks really good um these are padded
also you could take the padding out but
I like the padding I just feel like it
gives me more support the Wendy Simmons
bar is here and then she has
the her saying right now it says it's a
beautiful day to be alive but you can
barely see it also they just make your
boots look really good like I'm not
gonna lie there's a little bit of some
push-up support going on but and then
how could we forget the back there's a
circle which I didn't love at first but
now that I once I put it on I was like
this is really unique and I I like this
it's like elevated I like it the blue is
really beautiful like this teal color
with the grey I'm amazed that I got my
hands on the grey um not to you know
spill this he hate to like bring this up
because I'm not much you know you guys
know I'm not one to gossip but you guys
probably saw that they sold out
immediately and people had a lot of
trouble getting their product because so
many people are on the site and it
crashed or whatever I don't know about
that because I signed on and there was
no traffic and I just checked out and it
was like a very
I wouldn't say stress-free process
because never stress for you during a
jump shark launch but it was pretty easy
like I didn't have many problems but I
did not expect to get the grey because
grey always sells out first and every
gym where line it's just the most
popular color by far especially light
variations like this so I managed to get
the same leggings in grey I managed to
get the same sports bra and gray and I
also got this top which is I just
figured okay I'm probably gonna want to
wear like some kind of cover-up with one
of these outfits it's really really
lightweight it's kind of a crop top but
it does cover your full belly and then
the bottom is this like really beautiful
mesh and it does not feel cheap I'm like
really amazed none of this feels cheap I
also got I did a long sleeve crop top
and this has the same kind of thing
going on it has to be the mesh and then
she has his like cute holes and
throughout all of her clothing which I
love and again it's just so soft I will
say though on potential negatives
I have not completely gotten drenched in
sweat in these yet in fact I haven't
worked out in them like fully yet I'm
just kind of worn
and I don't know if there are sweat
wicking because the other thing is
they're not swap grooves
I'll say the gray not squat proof honey
unfortunately and she didn't promise
they would be squat proof I'm not gonna
do like a squat test on here cuz like
that's just not my thing but you guys
can take my word for it this shows some
skin the blue is a little bit better it
doesn't show as much but with her
lighter colors you can definitely expect
with a second skin material like this
and it's a little bit more sheer but let
me test some water I'm sending it some
water and see how it would fare with the
sweat okay so I just put some water on
this unfortunately not sweat biking I
just put like a drop on and it created a
dark spot so I would say that these
probably are not good for a super you
know Bikram yoga or something really
high intensity however you know if
you're just doing an upper body day or
you're like me and you don't really care
that sweat shows then you can wear it to
whatever I love this collection I think
it's beautiful it's so comfortable and
it's so pretty and different from what
they normally do and you don't have to
get a hat I hope you guys liked this
haul I will do another Bowl in the
future if you guys like these give us a
thumbs up if it helped you with you know
figuring out if you want to get this
when it launches again or when they
restock and yeah I hope you guys have a
great day and remember to subscribe for
more current more remember to subscribe
for more content tailored to petite
women and I will see you guys then I
cannot stop today and if you don't get
through that every week when I fell in
YouTube videos so it's still camera shy
are you guys have a great day and
remember to subscribe to small headaches
for more content tailored to badou women
are you guys my
[Music]